# updates

A 3aleny app is a customizable content owned by a group of people.' By downloading or using the application, you are considered to agree to these terms and instructions,' which makes us ask you to read them carefully before starting use.' The use of the application is on a personal level and without any material costs.' But you are not entitled to copy the application or part of it.' You are not allowed to use or copy any trademark within the application in any way whatsoever.' It is not allowed to try to make a copy of the application. ' Require users to agree to the terms (EULA) These terms must make it clear that there is no tolerance for objectionable content or abusive users.' Any attempt to commit any of the previous violations or failure to preserve property rights exposes you to legal accountability.' We are committed to providing everything necessary for the success and development of the application,' so we reserve the right to make any changes within the application at any time and for any reason.' There will be no financial costs for using the application. ' The application does not include any bets or gambling to use the application'

For Apple Pay The data is not used for tracking purposes, meaning the data is not linked with Third-Party Data for advertising or advertising measurement purposes, or shared with a data broker. For details, see the Tracking section. The data is not used for Third-Party Advertising, your Advertising or Marketing purposes, or for Other Purposes, as those terms are defined in the Tracking section. Collection of the data occurs only in infrequent cases that are not part of your app’s primary functionality, and which are optional for the user. The data is provided by the user in your app’s interface, it is clear to the user what data is collected, the user’s name or account name is prominently displayed in the submission form alongside the other data elements being submitted, and the user affirmatively chooses to provide the data for collection each time. Data types must meet all criteria in order to be considered optional for disclosure. If a data type collected by your app meets some, but not all, of the above criteria,
